RHIDP-5483: Update Authorization Preface (#1052)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-configuring-authorization-in-rhdh.adoc

[id='configuring-authorization-in-rhdh']
= Configuring authorization in {product}

> Administrators can authorize users to perform actions and define what users can do in {product-short}.

Author: @themr0c so which role / permission is required to authorize users to perform actions and define what users can do in RHDH?

If you're saying there are conditions and various admins can do this in various ways, then I agree that we should probably describe those roles / perms in detail, but that doesn't necessarily mean that the statement with the general Administrators term is not true and valid. 

I think we definitely need some further exploration and enhancement there, but this PR is intended to be a copyedit to comply with Minimalism and grammar standards rather than a deep content edit.

> Administrators can authorize users to perform actions and define what users can do in {product-short}.

Author: I also think it might be ok to speak more generally in the assembly, as long as our content in technically accurate, and then outline each of these roles / responsibilities in more detail in modules within the assembly. Think about how a user / particular persona would navigate the docs to find out who, what, and how to authorize users.

> Role-based access control (RBAC) is a security concept that controls access to resources in a system. RBAC specifies a mapping between users of the system and the actions that those users can perform on resources in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Role-based access control (RBAC) is a security concept that defines how to control access to resources in a system by specifying a mapping between users of the system and the actions that those users can perform on resources in the system.
```

Reviewer: They were surely words missing in the previous content.

You can use RBAC to define roles with specific permissions and then assign the roles to users and groups.

RBAC on {product-short} is built on top of the Permissions framework, which defines RBAC policies in code. Rather than defining policies in code, you can use the {product-short} RBAC feature to define policies in a declarative fashion by using a simple CSV based format. You can define the policies by using {product-short} web interface or REST API instead of editing the CSV directly.

> An administrator can define authorizations in {product-short} by taking the following steps:

Author: @themr0c you make good points and I think we should address them, but those suggestions are a bit outside the scope of this PR, which strives to correct some superficial errors. Would you mind creating a Jira ticket to incorporate your comment in a future iteration of this doc?
